 I have no mouth and I must scream. Limp. The body of gorester hung from the pink pellet, unsupported, hanging high above us in the computer chamber. And it did not shiver in the chill, oily breeze that blew it turnily through the main cavern. The body hung head down, attached to the underside of the pellet by the sole of its right foot. It had been drained of blood through a precise incision made from ear to ear under the lantern jaw. There was no blood on the reflective surface of the metal floor. And gorester joined our group and looked up at him so. It was already too late for us to realize that once again... Am had duped us, had had its fun. It had been a diversion on the part of the machine. Three of us had vomited, turning away from one another in a reflexes ancient as the nausea that had produced it. Goster went white. It was almost as though he had seen a voodoo icon and was afraid of the future. Oh God! He mumbled and walked away. The three of us followed him after a time and found him sitting with his back to one of the smaller, shittering banks his head in his hands. Ellen knelt down beside him and stroked his hair in move. But his voice came out of his covered face quite clearly. Why doesn't it just do a sin and get it over with? Christ, I don't know how much longer I can go on like this. It was our 109th year in the computer and he was speaking for all of us. which was the name the machine had forced him to use because AM amused itself with strange sounds. Nibbdok was hallucinating that there were canned goods in the ice caverns. Gorrister and I were very dubious. It's another shuck, I told them. Like the god-am frozen elephant AM sold us. Benny Yolk's went out of his mind over that one. We'll hike all that way and it'll be cuter fighter. Some damn thing. I say forget it, stay here. It'll have to come up with something pretty soon or we'll die. Benny shrugged. Three days it had been since we last eaten. Worms. Thick. Ropey. Nibbdok was no more certain. He knew there was the chance, but he was getting thin. Couldn't be any worse there than here. Colder, but that didn't matter much. Hot, cold hail, lava, boils or locusts. Never mattered. The machine masturbated and we had a take it or die. Ellen decided us. I've got-