 Dove audio presents, I have no mouth, and I must scream, and other stories. The voice of the edge, volume one, by Harlan Ellison. I have no mouth, and I must scream. Limp. The body of Gaurastor hung from the pink palette, unsupported, hanging high above us in the computer chamber. And it did not shiver in the chill, oily breeze that blew it turnily through the main cavern. The body hung head down, attached to the underside of the palette by the sole of its right foot. It had been drained of blood through a precise incision made from ear to ear under the lantern jaw. There was no blood on the reflective surface of the metal floor. When Gaurastor joined our group and looked up at his cell. It was already too late for us to realize that once again, Am had duped us. Had had its fun. It had been a diversion on the part of the machine. Three of us had vomited, turning away from one another in a reflexes ancient as the nausea that had produced it. Gourster went white. It was almost as though he had seen a voodoo icon and was afraid of the future. Oh God! He mumbled and walked away. The three of us followed him after a time and found him sitting with his back to one of the smaller, shittering banks his head in his hands. Ellen knelt down beside him and stroked his hair. In move. But his voice came out of his covered face quite clearly. Why doesn't it just do a sin and get it over with? Christ, I don't know how much long I can go on like this. It was our 109th year in the computer. Can he be speaking for all of us? Nymdok, which was the name the machine had forced him to use because Am amused itself with strange sounds. Nymdok was hallucinating that there were canned goods in the ice caverns. Goraster and I were very dubious. It's another shuck, I told them. Like the goddamn frozen elephant Am sold us. Many of them went out of his mind over that one. We'll hike all that way and it'll be tuturified or some damn thing. I say forget it, stay here. It'll have to come up with something pretty soon or we'll die. Benny shrugged. Three days it had been since we last eaten. Worms. Thick. Ropey. Nymdok was no more certain. He knew there was the chance, but he was getting thin. Couldn't be any worse there than here. But that didn't matter much. Hot, cold, hail, lava. or locusts, it never mattered. The machine masturbated and we had a take it or die. Ellen decided us. I've got to have something Ted. Maybe there'll be some botluck pairs of peaches. Please, Ted, let's try it. I gave you an easily. What the hell? Matter, not at all. Ellen was grateful though. She took me twice out of turn. Even that it ceased to matter. And she never came. So why bother? But the machine giggled every time we did it. Loud up there, back there all around as he snickered. It snickered. Most of the time I thought of AM as it without a soul. But the rest of the time I thought of it as him in the masculine, the paternal, the patriarchal. For he is a jealous people. Him, it, God, is daddy that deranged. We left on a Thursday. The machine always kept us up to date on the date. Passage of time was important. Not to us, sure as hell, but to him. It AM Thursday. Thanks. Nimdaq and Gorrister carried Ellen for a while. Their hands locked to their own and each other's wrists a seat. Benny and I walked before and after just to make sure that if anything happened, it would catch one of us and at least Ellen would be safe. That chance safe. Didn't matter. It was only a hundred miles or so of the ice caverns. The second day when we were lying out under the blistering sun thing, he had materialized. He sent down some mana. Tasted like boiled boar urine. We ate it. On the third day, we passed through a valley of obsolescence, filled with rusting carcasses of ancient computer banks. AM had been as ruthless with its own life as with ours. It was a mark of his personality. It's true for perfection. Whether it was a matter of killing off unproductive elements in his own world-filling bulk or perfecting methods for torturing us. AM was... as thorough as those who had invented him, now long since gone to dust. As thorough as they could ever have hoped. There was light filtering down from above, and we realized we must be very near the surface, but we didn't try to crawl up to sea. There was virtually nothing out there. Had been nothing that could be considered anything for over a hundred years, only the blasted skin of what had once been the home of billions. Now, there were only five of us down here inside alone with am. I heard Ellen saying frantically, no, Benny, don't, don't come on, Benny, now, don't please. And then I realized I had been hearing Benny murmuring under his breath for several minutes. He was saying, I'm going to get out, I'm going to get out over and over. His monkey-like face was crumbled up in an expression of beatific delight and sadness all at the same time. And the radiation scars Am had given him... during the festival, were drawn down into a massive pink white puckerings, and his features seemed to work independently of one another. Perhaps Benny was the luckiest of the five of us. He had gone stark, staring mad many years before. But even though we could call him any damn thing we liked, could think the foulest thoughts of fused memory banks and corroded base plates, burnt out circuits and shattered control bubbles, the machine would not tolerate our trying to escape. Benny leaped away from me as I made a grab for him. He scrambled up the face of a smaller memory cube, tilted on his side and filled with rotten components. He squatted there for a moment, looking like the chimpanzee am had intended him to resemble. And then he leaped high, caught a trailing beam of pitted and corroded metal, and went up at hand, overhand like an animal till he was on a girdered ledge, twenty feet above us. Ted, Nimda, please help him get him down before she cut off. Tears began to stand in her eyes. She moved her hands aimlessly. It was too late. None of us wanted to be near him when whatever was going to happen happened And besides we all saw through her concern when Am had altered Benny during the machines utterly irrational hysterical phase It was not merely Benny's face the computer had made like a giant age. He was big in the private She loved that she serviced us as a matter of course, but she loved it from him. Oh Ellen pedestal Ellen Pristine pure Ellen. Oh Ellen the clean scum Filth Gourster slept her she slumped down stirring up a poor loony Benny and she cried It was her big defense crying. We had gotten used to it 75 years earlier Gourster kicked her in the side And then the sound began It was light that sound have sound and half light something that began to glow from Benny's eyes and Pulse with growing loudness dims sonorities that grew more gigantic and brighter as the light sound increased in tempo It must have been painful and the pain have been increasing with the boldest of the light, the rising volume of the sound, because Benny began to mule like a wounded animal. And for softly, softly when the light was dim, and the sound was muted, and then louder, as his shoulders hunched together, his back humped, so he were trying to get away from it. His hands folded across his chest like a chipmunks, his head tilted to the side, this sad little monkey face pinched in anguish, and then he began to howl, howl, as the sound coming from his eyes grew louder, louder and louder, I slapped the sides of my head with my hands, but I couldn't shut it out, it cuts through. Oh, easily the pain shivered through my flesh like tin foil on a tooth, and Benny was suddenly pulled erect on the girder he stood up, jerked to his feet like a puppet. The light was now pulsing out of his eyes, to great round beams, the sound crawled up and up some incomprehensible scale.